chore: Style and SEO updates (#3775)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/concepts/hcl-interoperability.mdx

---
page_title: HCL interoperability
description: >-

>   Use Terraform configurations written in HCL with the CDK for Terraform

Reviewer: I think "the" could be removed here to read more clearly.
```suggestion
  Use Terraform configurations written in HCL with CDK for Terraform
  to define and provision infrastructure.
```
